Hello. We often see work breakdown structures depicted in this visual format kind of as a hierarchy where the project is across the top, the different functions or portions of the project are underneath and then the individual activities or tasks listed below that. So in this video, what I'm going to do is I'm going to demonstrate how to take a work breakdown structure in this visual format and convert this into a work breakdown structure using Microsoft project. And this is particularly important for more complex projects that will have more detailed work breakdown structures that are really difficult to illustrate in that graphic format. So what I've done here is I've taken this family reunion example and we're going to convert that to a work breakdown structure in Microsoft project. So what I did here is I took our family reunion project and identified the different kind of groups or functions of the project and then the tasks within each of those as well. And so with those in place, what I'm going to do is I'm going to create this hierarchy just using this indentation option in Microsoft project. So we begin by entering all the tasks as I did already. And then what we're going to do is we're going to indent each of these to match this hierarchy that we have established in this visual model. So family reunion is the top. Below the family reunion is location, food and invitations. Below or within location are the individual location tasks, the food tasks or the invitation tasks. So what we'll do is with the family reunion at the top, we will select all the other lines after that and indent them so that they all are a subcomponent of family reunion. And then we say that the task L one, L two and L three, those represent the individual tasks for the location part of our project. So we're going to highlight those three and then indent those and do the same thing for food and invitations. So again, it's just this indent task. And what we're doing is we're creating subtasks or kind of a hierarchy of tasks as a result. One really nice thing though is then you end up with a roll up structure. So then in the future as I add durations for each of these tasks, the summation of those will add up for the component of the project as well as the overall project. So now what I've done is I've created this project hierarchy or a work breakdown structure in this hierarchy format in Microsoft project using these rollup tasks. And you can actually compress them by clicking on those triangles or click on them again and expand them. And you can also compress it at the project level too. So this gives you a different way to view the project. And for more complex projects, this Microsoft project way of doing work breakdown structures makes a lot more sense than the graphical format. Graphical formats are nice to see, but as they become larger, more complex, they're more difficult to create and to share. And this project format allows us to maybe focus in on one area or another. So this is the quick way to create a work breakdown structure in Microsoft project.